# One Hand Required

### I take a sip of my beer as I glanced over to my friend. With a quick nod I get his attention and said to him, “Lets arm-wrestle.”. He immediately accepted. We both cleared the table and got rid of all the empty beer bottle. At this point everyone at the party was watching. We both placed our arms on the table, aligned our hands to get a fair start, and off we went. For the first five seconds we were evenly matched. Our muscles were fully active. One person in the crowd commented, “Wow, his face is getting red.”. Adrenalin was rushing through me. Determined not to lose I continue to hold my ground. 10 seconds in, we both started to get tired and our muscles started to give out. All of a sudden we hear a loud pop sound. The audience was stunned, the entire room went silent. My friend and I slowly backed away from the table. I look down and saw my left arm laying still on the table. At this point I had so much adrenaline from arm wrestling that I couldn’t feel any pain. I tried to wiggle my hand and succeeded. I tried to lift my arm, but failed. For some reason it wouldn’t move. I slowly came to the realization that something was broken. The only way I was able to get my broken arm off the table was by lifting it with my other hand. My friend was in panic mode. He paced backed and forth, not knowing what to do. Pain started to creep in. The only comfortable position I can find for my broken arm was in my lap. Someone called the ambulance and at that point I knew the party was over for me. After three hours in the hospital, the x-ray results were in. I had a spiral fracture in my humerus that will take months to heal. I couldn’t work for a month and during that time life was very difficult. I had to sleep sitting up so my arm can properly align as it healed. Getting dress, taking baths, and eating was difficult and required assistance. For the next six months my life will be completely different. I had to withdraw from my classes for the rest of semester. I couldn’t play any games because most games required two hands. Depression started kicking in after a couple of days with nothing to do. Then one day watching Twitch I discovered the PokerStars channel. I asked my self, “Poker on Twitch?”. I watched as Haoxiang Wang fought through EPT Barcelona and captured second place. For the first time in weeks I found a reason to set the alarm. It was incredible that Wang has less than 2 year of poker experience and manage to reach the final table in one of the biggest poker tournaments. All the excitement in this EPT kickstarted my interest in poker. As soon as the tournament concluded I fired up my computer and downloaded PokerStars. Poker saved me from boredom and bought me motivation to get though one of the toughest point of my life. It was the only game that I knew of that can be easily and fairly played with one hand. I started reading guides, signed up for PokerStars school, and started taking the game more seriously. I also ordered a couple of poker tournament books in hopes to learn how to improve my game. As a result, I am now more determined to improve my knowledge of the game than I was trying to win that arm-wrestling match that broke my arm. Watching EPT Barcelona has given me hope. Hopefully with some practice and some studying I’ll be able to make it to a future EPT. 